alright so I got the door panel off I
have this disconnected and make the
moving this around somewhere don't know
where yet but I'm going to be working on
door panels today so hopefully I'll be
able to get those done and on that
should help so basically I have the
whole panel with the top piece and
basically just trace this I'd like to
fit this door panel so I'm just going to
be making a template with that and then
slapping it on and using some steel to
brace it and then I'm going to build it
up so I'm show you that progress alright
so I got this piece cut modified a
little bit i'm probably end up shopping
this piece off and just leaving the
factory piece on and then fiberglassing
it so right now what I'm working on is
extending the the window crank what I
want to do is extend this out about four
inches so it will clear the door and
then I can still actually use it so what
I'm doing little blurry but I'm going to
be drilling a hole through that tapping
that so I can run a five sixteenth rod
through because this is all aluminum so
I can't well to this so I'm going to run
this over 15 16 throb through this weld
it so it'll actually spin then I'll put
a piece of this inside here I'll shave
it down run it inside and then I'll
actually drill and tap that piece so I
can run the factory window crank so
hopefully that should work it's going to
be a little bit longer project than I
anticipated but that's what I'm doing
now and then I'll be running some bolts
to be able to bolt the door on
and yeah alright so here's what I did
the threaded rod us through there and
then just basically cut a little piece
and it through and weld it on somehow as
I turn this windows going up and down
this is what works I decided not to do
all the fancy tapping and drilling and
whatever because it wasn't working very
well and so this will be sticking out
past the door i'll probably just weld a
piece on to this or something I'll
figure it out later because I don't
really care right now but that's what's
on there alright so I got some PL on the
door now he got bit on use the whole
tube and now I'm going to stick this on
there and shoot some screws in got some
ideas for some lag bolts and anchors and
stuff but i'll probably just use some
screws to hold it in there for now
alright so here is what i got of the
door so far and hard to see but the
panels on i did lay a two-by-four across
the bottom to seal the bottom so it
hangs over the lip and basically just
disassembled the door latch so I have a
little pull cable there and it works out
pretty good so that'll be my baseline to
start from and I'll lay some wood around
there and that should be built up enough
for those speakers so let's see it
actually closes pretty good around the
top buy you some weather stripping and
seal that better but I want to get out
pull that pretty slick
and then there's my window crank